Privacy Policy
Orchid considers the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This
privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information that is
collected and recorded by the Orchid iOS and Android applications and how we use it.

Orchid is committed to user privacy and does not collect or store personal data.
Orchid is committed to protecting user privacy and browsing history.
The following document discloses our privacy policy and measures taken to protect
users from data tracking and logging. The information included below is a detailed
summary on what information is collected and where, through what app partners, and
how that information is being used. Please refer to their terms and conditions and
privacy policies for information they store through their app publication services.

Traffic Activity
All data surrounding network traffic activity is stored locally on your device
and is not collected or used by Orchid Labs. This data potentially includes internet
protocol (IP) addresses of your device and hosts you connect to, source and
destination ports of these connections, connection protocol, and the date/time
of the connection. Clearing this data from within the application deletes the
only stored copy of the information.

Orchid Mobile Application Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to the Orchid iOS and Android applications
published by Orchid Labs, Inc and information shared and/or collected there.
This policy does not apply to any information collected offline, through the
www.orchid.com website, or via channels other than these applications. Please
see https://www.orchid.com/privacy-policy for the www.orchid.com Privacy Policy.

Consent
By using our application, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.

Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Friday, August 16th, 2019.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.

More Information
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy
policy, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@orchid.com
